docs: modify validator system v2 specs (#14)
kroma-network/kroma-specs: specs/experimental/validator-system-v2/asset-manager.md

Its responsibilities include:

1. Management of delegated KRO and KGH

    - Adopts the structure of ERC-4626 to issue shares when KROs are delegated, and that of Synthetix StakingRewards
      contract to manage boosted rewards when KGHs are delegated.

2. Slashing and Reward Management

    - Manages rewards for delegators based on the output root submission and slashing of validator assets when
      challenges occur.

Each validator registered in [Validator Manager contract][g-validator-manager-contract] has a corresponding `Vault`
struct. The `Vault` struct is defined as follows:

```solidity
struct Vault {
    address withdrawAccount;
    uint128 lastDepositedAt;
    Asset asset;
    mapping(address => KroDelegator) kroDelegators;
    mapping(address => KghDelegator) kghDelegators;
}
```

The `Asset` struct contain global information such as the total number of KROs in the `Vault`. In
contrast, the `KroDelegator` and `KghDelegator` structs store individual information about each delegator,
such as the number of shares he hold in the `Vault`. `withdrawAccount` and `lastDepositedAt` are the information
specific to the validator.

> The `Vault` defines assets and shares for KRO and streaming-based reward for KGH, allowing for distinct reward

Reviewer: streaming-based reward is commonly used word for reward mechanism?

distribution mechanisms for KRO delegators and KGH delegators.

> ## Management of Rewards

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Reward Management
```

$$kroAsset = kroShare \times \frac{totalKroAssets+1}{totalKroShares+10^{offset}}$$

Information related to the assets and shares of each validator is stored in the following `Asset` struct. Note that the
base reward is added to the `totalKro` field, increasing the share price.

```solidity
struct Asset {
    uint128 validatorKro;
    uint128 validatorKroBonded;
    uint128 totalKro;
    uint128 totalKroShares;
    uint128 totalKgh;
    uint128 rewardPerKghStored;
}
```

### Boosted Rewards

> If a delegator delegates KGH, their `rewardPerKghStored` and `rewardPerKghStored` are decided based on the current
> state of the `Vault`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a delegator delegates KGH, their `rewardPerKghPaid` is decided based on the current `rewardPerKghStored` value of the `Vault`.
```

```solidity

> kghDelegator.rewardPerKghStored = vault.asset.rewardPerKghStored;
> kghDelegator.rewardPerKghPaid = kghDelegator.kghNum * (vault.asset.rewardPerKghStored - kghDelegator.rewardPerKghPaid) / kghDelegator.kghNum;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kghDelegator.rewardPerKghPaid = vault.asset.rewardPerKghStored;
```

```

> `_claimBoostedReward` function is responsible for executing the above logic. It is called when the delegator claims the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`_claimBoostedReward` function is responsible for executing the below logic. It is called when the delegator claims the
```

boosted rewards, withdraws their delegated KGHs, or delegates more KGHs. Note that boosted reward calculated with
`_claimBoostedReward` will be transferred directly to the delegator's account, which means that delegating more KGHs

> will lead to the automatic claim of the remaining boosted reward.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will lead to the automatic claim of the remaining boosted reward.
```solidity
uint128 totalBoostedReward = kghDelegator.kghNum * (vault.asset.rewardPerKghStored - kghDelegator.rewardPerKghPaid) / kghDelegator.kghNum;
kghDelegator.rewardPerKghPaid = vault.asset.rewardPerKghStored;
```
```

and also validators are eligible for the portion of the base reward in proportion to the amount of KRO they deposited.

To withdraw the deposited KRO, the validator should call withdraw function with its withdrawAccount, which is a
dedicated account for the validator to withdraw the KRO. Separating the withdraw account from the validator's account
can be thought as adding an extra security layer to their account, since he can safely withdraw his KRO even if
his validator account is compromised. Please note that the following 2 things to prevent irreversible situations:

- Validators cannot change the address of the withdraw account, so they **MUST** set the withdraw account correctly,
with the wallet address whose private key is possessed by the validator.
- If withdraw account is compromised, the validator will not be able to withdraw the KRO, so validators are **highly
recommended to store the private key of the withdraw account in a safe place**.

## Undelegation Delay of 7 days from the Delegation

To prevent abuse such as attempting to receive unintended and unjustified rewards or avoiding slashing through various

> forms of manipulation, all undelegation and reward claims are subject to a one-week delay. Without this 7-day delay,

Reviewer 2: KGH reward claim is not subject to one-week delay, right?

the following abuses could occur:

> > Exploiting the fact that output finalization takes one week, a submitter could delegate a large amount of KRO right

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Exploiting the fact that output finalization takes one week, a delegator could delegate a large amount of KRO right
```

before output finalization, and then undelegate it immediately after finalization. This way, the delegator could take
the rewards with almost no risk.

To address this edge case, funds are not be able to be undelegated for a week from the time of the delegation. This is
managed through the `lastDelegatedAt` field in the `KroDelegator` struct and `delegatedAt` mapping `KghDelegator`
struct respectively.

> ## Slashing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Slashing Asset Management
```

Since Validator System V2 brings the same bond mechanism of the previous validator system, there is no slashing applied
to KRO and KGH delegators. They contribute to the security of the chain by delegating to a validator and contributing
to the probability of the validator to be selected as a priority validator. Since the reward is only given to the
honest validator, delegators are incentivized to delegate to a validator who is honest and active.

To see more about the slashing mechanism, please refer to the [Slashing](./validator-manager.md#slashing) part of

> Validator Manager document.

Reviewer 2: How about integrate this section to ValidatorManager?

## Difference from ERC-4626

### Non-transferable Shares

Unlike ERC-4626, `kroShares` in `Vault` are designed to be non-transferable to any accounts except for the delegator
and Asset Manager contract. This is implemented to prevent the following edge cases:

> - Transferring shares related to the validator's `minRegisterAmount` (minimum amount of KRO to be a validator) to

Reviewer 2: Below sentence in this file should be removed.

`Transferring shares related to KRO within KGH to another address.`

Reviewer 2: Also `However, Vault in Asset Manager manages self-delegation,` to `However, Vault in Asset Manager manages deposit,`

$$kroAsset = kroShare \times \frac{totalKroAssets+1}{totalKroShares+10^{offset}}$$

Information related to the assets and shares of each validator is stored in the following `Asset` struct. Note that the
base reward is added to the `totalKro` field, increasing the share price.

### Boosted Rewards

Boosted rewards are managed by calculating the expected rewards per KGH each time a submitted output is finalized and
rewards are distributed. These are stored within the `Vault` as `rewardPerKghStored`.

```solidity

>     vault.asset.rewardPerKghStored += boostedReward / vault.asset.totalKgh

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    vault.asset.rewardPerKghStored += boostedReward / vault.asset.totalKgh;
```
